W-16026636 Making fixes (#341)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/users.adoc

By selecting the checkbox next to a user, additional options related to that user appear:

* *Enable*: Enables the disabled users in the selected organization or business group. 

> * *Disable*: Disables the users in the selected organization or business group. They are no longer able to sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Disable*: Disables the users in the selected organization or business group so that they're no longer able to sign in.
```
